Project Running Guidelines:
1.Master User and Database and File Settings.
    a.This project have a default master user having following Details
        user_name=master
        password=password

To start your project you have to login with your master user and password.
Whenever you Login with master user_name and password you can able to change it
and also able to modify settings of your Project, you can also able to create users
they can also login and use the system.
Note: Only master user can change the settings.

Setting of Project:
    In this project you can manage system with following two technique.
    Note: You have to choose only one of them.This facility only available when you login with
    your master user. Settings are Given Below.
    (When you first time login with master user thensystem automatilly
        ask you to configure the setting whether Database or File Handling)

    1.Setting for mysql database.ileHandling)
        If you want to run using mysql database then first you have to check
        following requirement in your Computer or laptop.
        a.You have to install mysql database in you system. If you get any problem
          in instalation then follow the step given in youtube link:
          https://youtu.be/WuBcTJnIuzo
        b.After the Instalation 4 things are important to know
            1.Hostname: localhost (default is localhost if not then you have to check
                what is host for your mysql)
            2.user id : root (default is root if you have other user then you can also use it)

            3.password: None (default is None means you have to provide correct password
                to run mysql other wise you cant use the mysql for your project)
            4.portno: 3306 (default is 3306 no need to change. If your mysql installed
              on any other portno then you have to mention it)
        If you have above 4 things are available then you can easily work with mysql system
    2.FileHandling
        a.In this mode there is no need for any setting system automatically perform
            all settings.






    mysql database


